oh hi sweetie you're just gorgeous
hey magician rich Ferguson here and I
think it's really strange when people go
up to perfect strangers and pet their
pets without permission and then ignore
the pet owners like they don't exist so
today we're going to turn that upside
down check it out
excuse me guys how you doing oh my god
that's a handsome little dude handsome
hey where do you like to be petted
what's it like to scratch anywhere
particular on his belly cool cool there
you go buddy
there you go no I thought about you know
so I thought you guys oh you have pets I
didn't even notice the pets look at the
look at all they get the chicks look at
this chick magnets oh my god hi I didn't
even see you guys down there oh you guys
are beautiful and look at the chicks
just stud doors I mean come on about
this is crazy
ha ha ha funny though how people just
come up and just attack your pets and
they don't even know you're there yeah
yeah yeah well have a good day guys are
you guys doing oh my god how pretty do
you guys mind if I pet oh I just want to
scratch it you're so cute you're so cute
oh my God look at this look at this girl
oh my god are you like a family yeah
that you guys are really adorable oh you
have a pet oh that's cool
hi I don't even notice you hi what's
your name
Leila ha ha you are just a champion of
pets aren't you look at you how you guys
doing oh my god how cute that is so
adorable could I give him a cookie oh my
god here you go bro and you look like
you're hungry man no boy what's so funny
no he just he's so cute I mean you're a
really lucky woman look at this guy do
you look hungry you do want that oh oh
oh you have a dog with you oh I didn't
even notice hi what in his let your name
get neglected and the humans get all the
attention all the time huh people touch
pets and kids without permission and
they completely ignore the owners like
you don't exist they just walk a mill in
the business you know so I just want to
mix it up a little bit have a little fun
with you guys
oh yeah oh you're so cute look at you
two you mind if I bet it either sweetie
yeah you're cute too but I was talking
to the parents oh my god how adorable
but so clean my my scratching behind the
ears oh it's great how are you doing oh
you it's just oh that's not feel so good
good that feels so good
you know the people get neglected you
know it's not fair it's up there oh you
have a dog that ever happened to you
working downtown if you'll just come up
not bad no I would hope not yeah they
broke the mold when they made me no but
when you have a pet you people just come
up and touch your pet without permission
right all the time
oh hi sweetie you're just gorgeous
you're just gorgeous great well thank
you guys so much let's turn around you
hey how you doing oh my God look at this
golden color that is awesome look at
that you mind if I touch it okay it's
awesome dude that's awesome you know
it's crazy I love this color it's such a
great golden color no because I'm so
pale I'm just so jealous how do you get
like that Jones you know it's a prank
right yeah yeah so hope you thought that
was funny
yeah but it'll just be a collection of a
bunch of those hey champion
nice to meet you I know you got left out
I was petting your human without
permission I know isn't that rude poor
dog got left out what beautiful hair
seriously what kind of shampoo to use is
it like a what kind of champion love it
so shiny well that's fantastic
Herbal Essence that's great oh look you
have a dog I didn't even notice the dog
hi what's your name oh what a beauty you
know any tricks just try the shake there
you go awesome high five high five nice
you had a tip if you want oh and super
sweet